Upload readme (#1045)
demisto/demisto-sdk: demisto_sdk/commands/upload/README.md

### Examples
```
demisto-sdk upload -i Packs/HelloWorld/Integrations/HelloWorld/
```

> This will create a **integration** YML file and will upload it to the Cortex XSOAR instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a unified **integration** YML file and will upload it to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
```

> This will created a unified file and will upload the **integration** YML file to the Cortex XSOAR instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a **integration** YML file and will upload it to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
```
